docs: add note about streaming and Safari limitations (#64179)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/04-loading-ui-and-streaming.mdx

In addition to `loading.js`, you can also manually create Suspense Boundaries for your own UI components. The App Router supports streaming with [Suspense](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense) for both [Node.js and Edge runtimes](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes).

> **Good to know**:
>

> > - [Some browsers](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=252413) buffer a streaming response. You may not see the streamed response until the exceeds 1024 bytes. This typically only affects initial testing, but not real applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [Some browsers](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=252413) buffer a streaming response. You may not see the streamed response until the exceeds 1024 bytes. This typically only affects hello world applications, but not real applications.
```
